Why make this?

Humans long for natural experiences. There is something intangible about it which we have a deep need for. Being immersed in it can refresh us in ways no spa ever could. It reminds us of the beauty of the world, and of our larger place in it. It is the closest modern man can get to a spiritual experience. But nature is messy. It can be dangerous. Worst of all, it takes up time and space in a world where management of these resources has become of the utmost importance. We as mankind have risen above these many downsides. Society is cleaner, safer and more efficient than ever. Nature, however, refuses to comply with the boundaries we set for it. Earlier efforts to contain or control it have only deepened the chasm between culture and nature, and caused us to become estranged. We have gone further. To bridge the gap, we have developed a full immersion into the natural which can be housed indoors. Now there is no more need to venture into the unknown, we have extracted exactly what it is about nature that makes people tick, distilled it and presented it to you in a safe and comfortable environment.

---

Who is this for?

Someone who believes their health and wellness is worth spending time on, but has many other obligations. Someone who has trouble fitting nature into their busy schedule. Someone who simply wants the maximal possible nature per minute exposure. An optimist, who believes we as mankind can surmount any challenge we are facing and who believes human ingenuity is limitless. Our emulator also has many B2B applications. A modern office could use it to supply nature breaks for time-crunched workers. It could be a perk in high-rise living complexes in densely-populated urban areas, like an in-house spa or gym. Elderly care homes or facilities for people who have limited mobility could use it to allow their residents to experience the natural. For correctional facilities and closed psychiatric wards, it could offer those who are unable to roam freely in the true outdoors. We bring nature to everyone who wants to consume it.

---

Why not just go outside?

Of course, if people could simply walk out their door and have an authentic natural experience, our product would be completely redundant. For the majority of people however, this is not reality. Having a natural experience requires planning a trip, preparing, buying specialised equipment and sometimes even paying an entry fee. The modern swatches of nature that are accessible for the modern individual take up a lot of space, and require resources to be maintained. Of course it's not all bad: they have parking lots, marked trails, restrooms and viewpoints with signs telling you where to look. Regardless you still return from these places with muddy shoes, sunburnt and covered in mosquito bites. They were never fully optimised, and in fact they probably never could be. We don't think you like going into nature because you like being dirty and uncomfortable, we think you enjoy it because of how it makes you feel inside. Well, we can offer that same feeling without any of the downsides. We can help you experience nature without the mess. 

---

Is this a joke?

We do not consider the wellness of our customers to be a laughing matter. Our emulator is a sincere attempt to repair the rift between nature and society. The tension between these two domains is one of the great problems in our modern world. To resolve it, our solution is simple: make a copy of nature. Not an exact copy, but a selective one. Such a copy can go much further than any attempt to constrain the original nature: it can adapt, grow and change according to mankind’s needs. In the future, it could be housed in a variety of ways and consumed through many different media. It could become a ubiquitous part of modern life, and in doing so it would serve us rather than forcing us to constantly subdue it. This modernised, up-to-date rendering of nature is what we present to you. A nature that can finally coexist harmoniously with society. A natural experience for you.
